{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10840\viewh10040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 What I\'92ve come to learn.\
\

\b0\fs24 \ulnone Its May of 2013. I\'92m currently preparing myself for my collage graduation ceremony.\
\
As I look around you can see the fear and excitement on everyone faces. There was a time in my life I couldn\'92t even imagine I would be graduation college. Most of the kids I graduated with just graduated high school two years ago as I was 23 years old.\
\
I spent my previous years working various jobs and attempting to go to community college. Jobs that I look back one and know I never want to go back to them. Jobs that taught me a lot even though they had nothing to do with design. You can learn off of the people around you, all you need to do is listen.\
\

\i\b \'97 \'93I\'92m only 100% of everyone I\'92ve met\'94 \'97
\i0\b0 \
\
The weeks leading up to graduation, I felt on top of the world knowing I was going to make my family proud. There is no greater feeling in the world than that. \
\
I felt like I was to good to work for the companies around that area at the time. To me, they weren\'92t his profile enough to excite me. I wanted to venture out in the world to Chicago, New York, California etc. I thought I was too good for Ohio and what it had to offer. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 \'97\'93I thought I was too good for Ohio and what it had to offer\'94. \'97
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
I spent that summer after graduation applying to numerous places around the united states. This was the most frustrating part of it all. Thinking that your skills could match up with the best and not hearing anything back from these companies is devastating. \
\

\i\b \'93Your talented, but we are looking for someone with more experience\'94.\
\'93 Experience, Experience, Experience\'94.\
\

\i0\b0 Hearing those words as a young designer is tough. How does one actually land a job out of collage if every job description list experience as 2-4 years? You start to question yourself when applying for certain jobs that are looking for candidates with experience with 2 -4 years. It did matter to me at that time, I applied to every job I found interest in.\
\
I was able to land a job in Louisville right after graduation which was nice since I thought Ohio didn\'92t have anything to offer me. It felt like great that I was able to land a job that I thought was going to teach me everything I needed to know in the design/web world. Boy, was I mistaken. I was able to learn a lot from this company but for all the wrong reasons.\
\
Since my job in Louisville, I\'92ve found out that it doesn\'92t matter where you go to work all that matters if how much you put into it.\
\

\i\b \'95 It isn\'92t always how good it looks but how well it functions.\
\'95 Always do what you love. \
\'95 Listen to those around you.\
\'95 Try new things.
\i0\fs28 \ul \
}