Project I'm most proud of: 
I'm proud of all my work I put out in the world weather its design or development but If I had to choose one, it would have to be The Ali Forney Center. This project was one of the first projects where we were able to actually meet with the client, view their home office, meet with some of the people they helped and was able to connect on a personal level before any actual work started.
Meeting with the client allowed me to have a better understanding of what they wanted in their site along with how they wanted to be perceived.


Favorite industry book: 
Responsive Web Design, by Ethan Marcotte.
Sass for web designer, by Dan Cederholm

Favorite web conference or meetup: 
I've been to a couple of conferences in the past couple of years some of which I've hear Ben C. speak on mobile navigation and Rob H. and Ryan Cromwell speak on deployment systems. Out of those, Front-end design Conference was one of the most interesting ones to this day. With the likes of Chris Coyier, James White, Val Head and Paul Armstrong. Being able to soak in all the knowledge that each one of the have accrued over time is a great experience. It gives you the more of a passion and drive to better yourself and your company.


Tell us why you'd be a good fit: 
I started my career as a designer. Working to understand the fundamentals of UI with functionality of UX. After awhile, I wanted to learn more and more. I was able to get into front-end development. Having a great understanding for how a interface will look but also about the functionality behind each piece is something not many people have acquired. Also for me, finding a company isn't all about the paycheck at the end of the day. It’s way more than that to me.  I look for a company that actually care about making the web a best place for all. That to me is one of a kind. To be able to come into a company that has such a passion as i do for learning and understanding for the web.

Two things interesting about you (non-tech related): 
I'm a huge fan of winter. Living in Ohio for all my life my body has become custom to the bitter temperature that goes from 0 - 60 in a day. Snowboarding is one of my favorite pass times in the winter when the weather permits. I’ve been hitting the slopes since I was a wee I'm a sports lover. My girlfriend and I were able to go to the MLS Cup this past year at Maphre Stadium. (formerly Crew Stadium) and also the USA world cup qualifier this spring.There is something about sports that always draws me to them. I love the competitive nature of it. It could be golf, basketball, football, soccer and even ping pong. Now when It comes to ping pong, I dont hold anything back. Being able to grasp the concept around what make that sport great is what I enjoy most about them.

References: 
Dan Rovito
Zach Winter
Michelle
Dawn Geary
Karin